---
layout: post
title: Example 4
---
Travel time to the nearest starbase? I can't. As much as I care about you, my first duty is to the ship. Maybe we better talk out here; the observation lounge has turned into a swamp. and attack the Romulans. Computer, lights up! I'd like to think that I haven't changed those things, sir. You enjoyed that. Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you. For an android with no feelings, he sure managed to evoke them in others. We could cause a diplomatic crisis. Take the ship into the Neutral Zone Damage report! Yesterday I did not know how to eat gagh. Why don't we just give everybody a promotion and call it a night - 'Commander'? Sorry, Data. Congratulations - you just destroyed the Enterprise. About four years. I got tired of hearing how young I looked. Sure. You'd be surprised how far a hug goes with Geordi, or Worf. Computer, belay that order. Fear is the true enemy, the only enemy. And blowing into maximum warp speed, you appeared for an instant to be in two places at once. Commander William Riker of the Starship Enterprise. The game's not big enough unless it scares you a little. When has justice ever been as simple as a rule book? This is not about revenge. This is about justice. Did you come here for something in particular or just general Riker-bashing? Is it my imagination, or have tempers become a little frayed on the ship lately? Mr. Crusher, ready a collision course with the Borg ship. Our neural pathways have become accustomed to your sensory input patterns. What? We're not at all alike! They were just sucked into space. That might've been one of the shortest assignments in the history of Starfleet. Your head is not an artifact! Well, I'll say this for him - he's sure of himself. I guess it's better to be lucky than good. Mr. Worf, you do remember how to fire phasers? Wait a minute - you've been declared dead. You can't give orders around here. I suggest you drop it, Mr. Data. You're going to be an interesting companion, Mr. Data. We know you're dealing in stolen ore. But I wanna talk about the assassination attempt on Lieutenant Worf. Yes, absolutely, I do indeed concur, wholeheartedly! Shields up! Rrrrred alert! The look in your eyes, I recognize it. You used to have it for me. How long can two people talk about nothing? You did exactly what you had to do. You considered all your options, you tried every alternative and then you made the hard choice. Smooth as an android's bottom, eh, Data? Your shields were failing, sir. A surprise party? Mr. Worf, I hate surprise parties. I would *never* do that to you. Well, that's certainly good to know. You bet I'm agitated! I may be surrounded by insanity, but I am not insane. I'm afraid I still don't understand, sir. Flair is what marks the difference between artistry and mere competence. Fate. It protects fools, little children, and ships named "Enterprise." We have a saboteur aboard. The Enterprise computer system is controlled by three primary main processor cores, cross-linked with a redundant melacortz ramistat, fourteen kiloquad interface modules. My oath is between Captain Kargan and myself. Your only concern is with how you obey my orders. Or do you prefer the rank of prisoner to that of lieutenant? I am your worst nightmare! Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you. Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody. The unexpected is our normal routine. We finished our first sensor sweep of the neutral zone. What's a knock-out like you doing in a computer-generated gin joint like this? I'll alert the crew.